README.md, before:

## Early WIP of Neovim Plugin for Taking Notes on Articles Stored in Omnivore

### Goal

The primary aim of this plugin is to seamlessly integrate notes and highlights into a notetaking workflow within Neovim. Here are the key objectives:

- **Integration**: Easily import notes and highlights from Omnivore into Neovim.
- **Search Capability**: Sift through notes, select them, and automatically generate annotations along with references in your notes.
- **Initial Implementation**: Currently, the plugin utilizes a simple `curl` command to interact with the corresponding API.
- **Optimizations**: Future enhancements include caching notes locally and syncing them periodically to reduce API dependency.
- **Long-Term Vision**: Develop a UNIX-friendly CLI tool for managing notes, which complements the plugin. This would be akin to ZK and zk-nvim, though without incorporating an LSP (Language Server Protocol).

### Participation

This project is open for collaboration:
- **Questions**: Feel free to ask questions by opening an issue in the repository.
- **Contributions**: Contributions are welcome! If you have improvements or new features in mind, please submit a pull request.
- **Community**: Join us in making this tool better in whatever way you can help.

### Current State

This is a side project under active development. Features and documentation might change as the project evolves. All contributions and suggestions are welcome!

---
**Note**: As this plugin is in its early stages and is maintained sporadically, based on my availability.

Commit message:

Update README.md with Derecation of Omnivore no point

README.md, after:

#Deprecated
- With the shutdown of Omnivore, and without a feasible option for self-hosting, I have decided to stop working on this project. I might consider forking it in the future if I am looking for a way to import notes taken on other devices into Neovim.

## Early WIP of Neovim Plugin for Taking Notes on Articles Stored in Omnivore

### Goal

The primary aim of this plugin is to seamlessly integrate notes and highlights into a notetaking workflow within Neovim. Here are the key objectives:

- **Integration**: Easily import notes and highlights from Omnivore into Neovim.
- **Search Capability**: Sift through notes, select them, and automatically generate annotations along with references in your notes.
- **Initial Implementation**: Currently, the plugin utilizes a simple `curl` command to interact with the corresponding API.
- **Optimizations**: Future enhancements include caching notes locally and syncing them periodically to reduce API dependency.
- **Long-Term Vision**: Develop a UNIX-friendly CLI tool for managing notes, which complements the plugin. This would be akin to ZK and zk-nvim, though without incorporating an LSP (Language Server Protocol).

### Participation

This project is open for collaboration:
- **Questions**: Feel free to ask questions by opening an issue in the repository.
- **Contributions**: Contributions are welcome! If you have improvements or new features in mind, please submit a pull request.
- **Community**: Join us in making this tool better in whatever way you can help.

### Current State

This is a side project under active development. Features and documentation might change as the project evolves. All contributions and suggestions are welcome!

---
**Note**: As this plugin is in its early stages and is maintained sporadically, based on my availability.
